madam
Why don't you drink it?
Jin Meiqi, don't go too far
Madam, I was right
You're not blind at all
I guess so.
I'm so disappointed in you.
I didn't expect you to even lie to my husband
I am the person closest to you
You are even guarding against me
Li Liangchen, you used to be the closest person to me
But not anymore
I thought my eyes would brighten again
I can see my husband who loves me deeply
I didn't expect to see a beast in clothes
Hahaha late summer
I didn't expect it to take so many years
You are still so stupid
Remember when I pursued you so hard
A blind man cares for you in every way
In order to be able to use you
The world has leapt
And here I am.
I grew up poor
Became the current president of the Xia Group
Li Yangchen is my money to sponsor you to study abroad
I left the company to you to manage
You can become president not because you are capable
But because of me
Aren't you afraid of retribution?
I only believe in money and power
Bright hour, what are you doing?
Do you still have the law in your eyes?
When I get the next group
I am the king